Update readme (#103)
hackbg/chainlink-fullstack: README.md

## Test

> When the test command is without a network specified it will run locally and perform only the unit tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the test command is executed without a specified network it will run locally and only perform the unit tests:
```

```bash
yarn test:contracts
```

> Integration tests must be run on a public testnet that have Chainlink oracles responding:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration tests must be run on a public testnet that has Chainlink oracles responding:
```
